We're gonna go through some ranges of motion
so I can get a better idea about how well
you're able to love, okay?
Okay.
Can you turn your head as far to the right
as you possibly can?
Okay.
And turn your head as far to the left as you can.
Good, and look back at me.
Drop your head forward as far as you can.
Good.
And drop your head backwards as far as you can.
Fantastic.
I want you to take your arms, come out to the side
and go straight up over your head as far as you can go.
Come all the way up.
Thank you.
This one hurts?
Yes.
Can I raise it up a little farther?
It hurts.
Okay, bring your arms straight back down.
Thank you.
Now I want you to bring your arms forward
right up over your head as far as you're able to go.
So we can get that other one up.
Can I raise this one up higher?
It hurts.
That hurts to do?
Okay, bring your arms back down.
Can I have you put your arms straight behind your back?
Okay. And if I try and bring that one back
that one hurts to do.
That hurts too.
Okay.
And come back.
Thank you.
Okay, you can put your hands down.
I want you to take this hand and reach behind your head.
Are you able to do that just fine?
And bring it back down.
And take this hand and try and reach up if you can.
Too much to do?
Yeah.
Okay, and come down.
I want you to take this hand and come behind your back
if you're able to.
Fantastic.
And come back.
Are you able to put this arm behind you?
Okay.
Kind of gets stuck a little bit.
Yeah, it hurts.
I mean I can push it but it hurts.
No need to push it, come on back.
Thank you, all right.
Any pain as I press through here?
No.
How about as I press through here?
It doesn't cause you any pain?
No pain.
Is this okay?
That's okay.
How about through here?
That hurts.
Okay.
Excuse me.
How about through here, any pain as I press?
No.
And how about through here?
Yes, a lot of pain.
A lot of pain there, okay.
All right.
I'm gonna be touching some areas in your neck
and shoulder region.
I want you to tell me if you have any pain as we go.
Okay.
Any pain as I touch here?
No.
How about on this side?
Yes.
That's sore?
How about over here?
That's fine.
That hurts.
Okay.
Just relax for me.
Okay, I'm gonna be turning your head.
I want you to relax as much as you can.
Okay.
Just tell me if it hurts you turn at all.
That's okay?
That's okay.
That hurts.
That hurts, okay.
Stay right there.
And just relax your head as much as you can.
Okay, relax for me.
Take a deep breath.
And out.
Okay.
Again deep breath.
And out.
Wonderful.
I'm gonna have you bring your elbows out to the side.
And just bend your arms.
Deep breath.
Great.
Now relax your arms.
(patient moans)
That hurts you a little bit there?
Yes.
All right.
Okay.